>> I hope you enjoyed learning about neural networks and convolutions.
So far, you've been learning about deep neural networks at
the conceptual level and applying
these techniques to a range of image classification tasks.
In the next project,
you're going to return to autonomous driving.
>> That's right. Next, you're going to build
a deep neural network to classify traffic signs.
Your network should be able to take an image and decide if it's a stop sign,
a yield sign, a different type of sign or maybe no sign at all.
>> This will be a terrific portfolio project to demonstrate for
employers your hands-on practical experience with deep neural networks.